Help

Ø      Getting Started

This UCM_CaseTool is an interesting tools software for drawing use case
 maps and scenarios. It is using by

Software Solution Company. There are three kinds of basic users for 
these tools. Each user has defined access.

a.      Power user has access to all functionality.

b.      Marketing user has access to see different view and renaming level.

c.       CEO user has access to view the map.

 

  

Ø      Log in

Open the UCM Case Tool.  Put user name and password and press ok.

Ø      Create New map

 Select a component or a responsibility from the right side button.

To draw responsibility: click left button of mouse at the position you want
 to draw the responsibility.

To draw component:  select the component button and then click on a point drag
 it up to the end point of the component.

To draw line: You can draw a line only when you have two points. A pint could 
be a responsibility or a point showing aground the windows

 

Ø      Edit map


o       Tools

·   Component: you can draw as many component as you want. If you would like to 
delete a component, just select that and press delete. That’s how we can 
add/delete any component.

·   Responsibility: a responsibility can be drawn in side or out side a component.
 Also you can delete or add as may responsibility as you want. To delete a
 responsibility, just select that and press delete.

·   Line: a line can be draw form any point to point or responsibility to point.

Ø	Edit Labels: 

Ø      Views

 See Requirement specification.

Ø      Save map

It is easy to save a map when you are done with drawing map. 
Go to File>> save >> locate the path where you would like to save the file and
 enter the name of the file then press>> OK. The file will save as .ucm format.

 

Ø      Load map: to lode a map from a .ucm file you have to open UCM_caseTool
 first. Then go to >> file>> Lode>> locate the file you wish to open. >> press ok.

 The file will be loaded.

 

Ø      Example

·         Hello map:

 user name: sa_husse

password: 1234

Ø      User functionality details:

o       CEO: See requirement specification documentation. Page no:

o       Marketing: See requirement specification documentation. Page no:

o       End User: See requirement specification documentation. Page no:

 

 
